Add Customer Service Agent sample demonstrating Agent Identities with .NET Aspire (#4)
Azure-Samples/ms-identity-agent-identities: dotnet/CustomerServiceAgent/README.md

- [Visual Studio 2022](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/) or [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) with C# extension
- *(Optional)* [Microsoft 365 Developer account](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/dev-program) for Graph API integration

### Run the Sample

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Azure-Samples/ms-identity-agent-identities.git
   cd ms-identity-agent-identities/dotnet/CustomerServiceAgent
   ```

2. **Build the solution**
   ```bash
   dotnet build
   ```

3. **Run with .NET Aspire**
   ```bash
   dotnet run --project src/CustomerServiceAgent.AppHost
   ```

4. **Access the Aspire Dashboard**
   - Open your browser to `https://localhost:15888` (or the URL shown in the console)
   - Explore the service map, traces, logs, and metrics

5. **Test the orchestration**
   ```bash
   # Using curl
   curl -X POST https://localhost:7000/api/customerservice/process \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{"orderId": "12345", "userUpn": "agent@contoso.com"}'
   
   # Or use the .http file in VS Code
   # Open: src/AgentOrchestrator/AgentOrchestrator.http
   ```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this endpoint is on purpose anonymous, so that you can more easily test things out. In production you would need to uncomment the [Authorize] attribute on the endpoint.
```

var authHeader = await _authorizationHeaderProvider
    .CreateAuthorizationHeaderForUserAsync(
        new[] { $"api://YOUR_SERVICE_CLIENT_ID/.default" },
        new AuthorizationHeaderProviderOptions().WithAgentUserIdentity(agentUserId, userUpn)
    );
```

### 3. Token Validation
```csharp
// All downstream services validate tokens
builder.Services.AddMicrosoftIdentityWebApiAuthentication(
    builder.Configuration, "AzureAd");
```

### 4. Distributed Tracing
All API calls are automatically traced and visible in the Aspire Dashboard.

## 📚 Documentation

- **[Lab Instructions](docs/lab-instructions.md)** - 30-minute hands-on lab
- **[Architecture Deep Dive](docs/architecture.md)** - Detailed design decisions
- **[Entra ID Setup](docs/setup/02-entra-id-setup.md)** - Configure agent identities
- **[Troubleshooting](docs/troubleshooting.md)** - Common issues and solutions

## 🔧 Configuration

### Development Mode (Mock Tokens)
The sample includes a mock `IAuthorizationHeaderProvider` for development/demo purposes. This allows you to run and test the orchestration flow without configuring Azure AD.

### Production Mode (Azure AD)
To enable real Agent Identities:

> 1. **Register applications in Azure AD** (see [Entra ID Setup](docs/setup/02-entra-id-setup.md))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Register the downstream APIs in Azure AD** (see [Entra ID Setup](docs/setup/02-entra-id-setup.md))
```
